Sportsbet's Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 8 October 2021

This is the privacy policy (Privacy Policy) of Sportsbet Pty Limited (ACN 088 326 612) (Sportsbet). Sportsbet is subject to the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (Privacy Act). In this Privacy Policy, a reference to Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) means the APPs contained in the Privacy Act.

This Privacy Policy sets out how Sportsbet will manage your Personal Information (PI) which we collect as a result of your membership of Sportsbet, your use of our websites located at www.sportsbet.com.au, m.sportsbet.com.au, t.sportsbet.com.au,  www.sportsbet.com.au/blog/, any pages or websites under the 'Sportsbet' brand and any 'Sportsbet' mobile phone or tablet applications that are owned and/or operated by us (together, the website), or whenever we otherwise deal with you. We are committed to ensuring that the PI we collect about you is protected and is used, stored and disclosed in accordance with the Privacy Act and this Privacy Policy.

This Privacy Policy will not apply to websites which are linked to the website and over which Sportsbet has no control.  We recommend reviewing the relevant third-party privacy policy before using any linked website.

Personal information

The kinds of PI that Sportsbet generally collects from you are:

name;
residential address;
date of birth;
gender;
email address;
phone number;
personally submitted preferences and service usage information;
bank account and credit card information;
location data;
IP address;
betting activities and behavioural data;
other identity verification information (i.e., licence and/or passport details); and
if you applied for credit on your account prior to February 2017, we may have collected credit information about you in accordance with our Credit Policy available here.
Collection purposes

Sportsbet will collect your PI for the following purposes:

to process your application to become a member of Sportsbet (“Member”);
to operate your Member betting account and to provide services to you as a Member;
to send you newsletters and other communications that you ask to receive from us or that relate to the services we provide to you;
to respond to enquiries and complaints from you and to establish, exercise or defend any legal claims;
for market and business analysis and research;
to develop new products and services and to tailor our services to suit your needs;
to determine Members’ liability to pay goods and services tax and other taxes where applicable;
to comply with Sportsbet’s legal and statutory obligations including in relation to customer identity verification and reporting obligations imposed by the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorism Act 2006 (Cth) (AML/CTF Act) and the Northern Territory Racing Commission Racing and Betting Act 2011 (Racing and Betting Act) licensing obligations;
for taking appropriate action if Sportsbet has reason to suspect that unlawful activity or misconduct of a serious nature has been, is being or may be engaged in that relates to our functions and activities; and
to the to the extent that the information is included in a job application, to assess and process that application and for other recruitment purposes.
You may choose to deal with us on an anonymous basis or to use a pseudonym, unless it is not practicable for us to deal with individuals who we cannot identify, or we are required by law to only deal with identified individuals (such as under the AML/CTF Act). Also, if you do not provide Sportsbet with the PI we request, we may be unable to process your application to become a Member, provide you with our services or respond to your enquiry or complaint.

By becoming a Member or otherwise choosing to provide Sportsbet with PI you consent to Sportsbet collecting, using and disclosing your PI for the above purposes.

Cookies

Cookies are pieces of data stored by your web browser on your hard drive which contain information relating to your use of the website. When you access the website, cookies may record details relating to your use of the website, including what pages you view from the website. Sportsbet does not use cookies to track your PI and uses them for internal management purposes only.

We may use third parties to serve ads on our website. These companies may employ cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons) to measure advertising effectiveness. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and action tags is completely anonymous.

Direct marketing and opting out

From time to time, we may use and disclose your PI to inform you about Sportsbet’s (and its related bodies corporates’) products or services or about promotional activities, which Sportsbet believes, may be of interest or of benefit to you.  We may do this via email, SMS, telephone or mail.


If you no longer wish to receive marketing or promotional material from Sportsbet at all, or in any particular form, you may unsubscribe at any time. Where we send you commercial electronic messages for direct marketing purposes, each message will contain a functional means for you to opt-out of receiving such messages. Alternatively, you can unsubscribe by following the “My Account” link on the website and updating your “Promotion Notification” settings or by contacting Customer Service by email to customerservice@sportsbet.com.au with your request, with which we will comply as soon as is practical.  

From time to time, we may contact you in relation to the opening, service, management and administration of your Sportsbet account.  These communications can be via any of the modes of contact recorded when you apply or applied to open an account, registered as a member or which we (or our related bodies corporate) otherwise collect for the purposes of opening and maintaining an account. Such communication is not affected by your opt-in or opt-out status for direct marketing communications.

Disclosure

PI collected by Sportsbet may be disclosed to a third party in the following circumstances:

to provide you with the services you have requested;
to service providers and professional advisers for the purposes of providing services to us;
to our sponsors and business partners for the purposes of our business relationship with them;
where the disclosure is required or authorised by law;
to protect and maintain the integrity of particular sports / racing codes by assisting Australian sports / racing controlling bodies in their inquiries, or notifying such bodies of any betting activity Sportsbet considers to be unusual or suspicious;
to related bodies corporate, and actual or prospective purchasers of all or a part of Sportsbet's business, and their advisers; and
where you have consented to its disclosure either expressly or by the circumstances and your conduct.
Sportsbet may disclose PI overseas, including to service providers and our parent company Flutter Entertainment plc and related bodies corporate of Sportsbet and Flutter Entertainment Plc, located in the UK, Ireland and the USA.

Sportsbet will take reasonable steps to ensure that any PI which Sportsbet discloses to a third party is protected by that party in accordance with the Privacy Act.

Security of Personal Information

Sportsbet will take reasonable steps to ensure your PI is stored in a secure environment, which is accessed only by authorised persons.

You acknowledge that no data transmission over the Internet is totally secure. Accordingly, Sportsbet does not warrant the security of any information which you transmit to it. Any information which you transmit to Sportsbet is transmitted at your own risk. However, once Sportsbet receives your transmission, Sportsbet will take reasonable steps to protect your PI from misuse, loss and unauthorised access, modification and disclosure including by using password protected systems and databases and Secure Socket Layer (“SSL”) technology.

Sportsbet’s employees, agents and contractors are required to maintain the confidentiality of Members’ PI and trading behaviour.

Information posted on bulletin boards or communicated within a social media environment (for example, Facebook, Twitter, Chat Rooms) becomes public information. Sportsbet cannot guarantee the security of this type of disclosed information.

We take seriously the responsibility to exclude children from access to our services. We will not accept their information for the purposes of opening a wagering account. It is however, ultimately the responsibility of parents or guardians to monitor their children’s Internet activities including where appropriate by using Internet screening software.

Remember to always log out of your account when you have completed your time on the website. This is particularly important if you share a computer with another person. You are responsible for the security of and access to your own computer, mobile device or any other handset used to access the website.

Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your username, password and any account information. Please be careful whenever using the Internet and our website.

Access to Personal Information

You may access certain PI that Sportsbet holds about you by following the “My Account” link on the website or alternatively, by contacting us on the Customer Service hotline on 1800 990 907. We will give you access to your PI in the manner requested if that is possible and within a reasonable period. If we refuse your request ,or cannot give you access in the manner you have requested, we will do what we can to meet your requirements by other means. We may not be required to give you access to your PI in certain circumstances which are set out in the APPs, including where it may have an unreasonable impact on other individual's privacy. If we refuse access for such reasons, we will advise you in writing of the refusal, our reasons and the complaint mechanisms available to you.

Correction and Continuous Updating of your Personal Information

Sportsbet takes reasonable measures to ensure that PI which it collects is accurate, complete and current and also when it uses and discloses it, that it is relevant, having regard to the purpose for which it is being used or disclosed. We will take reasonable measures to correct PI if we are satisfied that it should be corrected. We may contact you on a periodic basis to seek the most up to date information from you.

If you believe that the PI Sportsbet holds about you is inaccurate, incomplete or not current, please let Sportsbet know and we will correct it if we are satisfied that a correction is required.

PI can be updated or corrected by you in the "Account Details" section of the website at any time after you log in. Subject to identity verification, PI can also be updated or corrected by calling Sportsbet's Customer Service hotline on 1800 990 907.

Details of your betting transactions can be also found in the "Bet History" section of the Member Services section of the website.

Sportsbet will take reasonable steps to destroy or permanently de-identify the PI we hold when it is no longer required for any purpose permitted under the APPs including our legal or operational obligations.

Contact details

If you have any queries, requests for access or correction or complaints relating to the handling of your PI, please contact the Privacy Officer, whose contact details are as follows:

Privacy Officer
Sportsbet Pty Limited
GPO Box 4755
Melbourne Vic 3001

Tel: 1800 990 907 or +61 3 8613 9600

Email: privacy@sportsbet.com.au

We will consider any complaints and will aim to respond in writing within 30 days. Further Information about privacy concerns or complaints in Australia can be found on the Office of the Australian Privacy Commissioner's (OAIC) website at www.oaic.gov.au.

Updates to this Privacy Policy

Sportsbet may review, change and update this Privacy Policy from time to time reflect our current practices and obligations. We will publish our current Privacy Policy on our website at www.sportsbet.com.au and the changes will take effect at the time of publishing. You should review this Privacy Policy regularly and remain familiar with its terms