Phone Master Privacy Policy
Updated on: March30, 2023

Effective Date:March30, 2023

SHANGHAI XIAOCHUAN TECHNOLOGY LIMITED (hereinafter referred to as "Phone Master", "we", "us", "our") is the service provider and operator of Phone Master and its Service(hereinafter referred to as "This Application"). We fully respect your privacy and will do our utmost to protect the security of your personal information. We may collect, use or otherwise process your personal information based on your consent or in accordance with the relevant provisions of applicable laws and regulations during your use of this Application or its services (collectively, our "Service"). This Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as "Policy") is meant to help you understand how we collect, use, disclose, process and protect your personal information with regard to your use of Phone Master and its Service, your rights regarding the personal information provided to us, and how we safeguard your rights. This Policy applies to all the products and services provided by Phone Master, including applications, mini-programs, websites, SDK for third-party websites or applications, APIs and other forms that may be available in the future.

It is important to note that this Policy does not apply to services provided to you by other third parties. You may receive links, content, products or services provided by third parties, please prudently determine whether to access them. We encourage you to carefully review the privacy policies of any Third Parties you access before submitting any personal information.

We have chosen to use plain language in order to make sure that you fully understand this Policy and make your own choices. We have also marked or highlighted key terms in bold or capital letters for your attention. We will also notify you by a pop-up window when you first use our service to help you understand the core terms of this Policy.

Before using our products or services, providing your personal information to us or allowing us to collect your personal information, please read this Policy carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal information and access it frequently to understand the updates to this Policy. If we update this Policy, we will notify you by announcements in the product or website to let you know about the changes we made. By accessing or using our Services after we have placed such a notice, you are deemed to have accepted the updated Privacy Policy. You can check the "Effective Date" posted at the top of the Privacy Policy for the latest update time.

If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us by the following means:

privacy@transsion.com

You can also access this Privacy Policy by the following means:

Phone Master >ME > Setting > Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy will help you understand the following contents:

i. How We Collect and Use Your Personal Information

ii. How We Use Cookies and Similar Technologies

iii. How We Store and Protect Your Personal Information

iv. How We Share, Transfer and Disclose Your Personal Information and Data

v. How Your Personal Information is Transferred Across Borders

vi. Your Rights to Your Personal Information

vii. How We Handle the Personal Information of Children

viii. Third-Party Service Providers and Services

ix. Supplement and Update of the Policy

x. Joint Controller

xi. How to Contact Us

I. How We Collect and Use Your Personal Information

1. Overviews

Phone Master firmly believes that the fundamental privacy rights should not differ depending on where you live in the world. Any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual, in particular by reference to the individual's name, identification number, location data, and online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental of that natural person will be treated as "Personal Information" by us, regardless of where such natural person lives.

We only collect the information that is necessary for specified, concrete, explicit and legitimate purposes and will ensure that the information is not further processed in a manner that is incompatible with those purposes. If we intent to use your personal information for other purposes not specified in this Policy, we will obtain your consent at that time.

We may collect your personal information by the following means: 1) information you provide directly to us (such as your nickname, profile picture, name and phone number you provide to us when you login to your account or take part in the promotion activity we held); 2) information we obtain automatically during your use of this Application (such as device information, service log information); 3) information we obtain from other sources.

You have the right to choose whether or not to provide the personal information when you use Phone Master and its Service or when we have requested. You are not required to provide your personal information to Phone Master, but in some cases, if you choose not to do so, we will not be able to provide you with related products or services, nor will we be able to respond or resolve the problems you've encountered. We will collect and use your personal information only for the purposes described in this Policy. The following describes your personal information that we collect:

2. What information we collect and how we use it in Phone Master

2.1. To provide you with comprehensive phone management service

This Application mainly provides you with junk cleaning, mobile phone speed boosting, virus detection and antivirus, data usage management, Internet speed protector, harassment blocker, battery management, self-starting management, notification management and other mobile phone relevant management services.

In order to ensure your normal use of our Products and Service and to provide you with the aforesaid phone management functions during your use of this Application and its Service, we will automatically collect your usage information and store it as network log information, including:

(a) Device information. When you start using this Application, we will receive and record information about the mobile device you use according to your operations in the Application based on your permissions granted during the installation and use of this Application, such as hardware device identifier GAID (Google Advertising ID), Android ID information, phone model, operating system version, system language, country or region setting of the phone (including the country or region information of your authorized phone and network access method),version of PhoneMaster, screen size and resolution of the phone, CPU and display device related information, APK name of the applications installed and the version information, and the device environment hardware and software characteristics information.

(b) Log information: We will automatically collect details of your use of our services and store them as service logs during your use of this Application, including service access time, access frequencies, usage time, event information (errors, crashes, restarts, upgrades), and other log information generated when using the device.

Please note that the above-mentioned separate device information and log information alone cannot be used to identify a specific natural person. Only when such non-personal information is used in combination with other information to identify a specific natural person, or when it is used in combination with personal information, will this information be regarded as personal information during such combination. In this case, we will anonymize and de-identify this type of information, unless with your consent or otherwise according to laws and regulations. The above-mentioned information is essential as to the provision of the Service. If you choose not to provide them, we may not provide you with the Service related to this Application.

Please note that we may also collect the above-mentioned device information and log information in various features and scenarios (which may vary slightly in different features within this Application).Please note that we may also collect the above-mentioned device information and service log information in different features and scenarios (which may vary slightly by business function and scenario):

(1) To Provide you with junk file cleaning services

In order to provide you with the junk file cleaning service, in addition to the afore-mentioned device information we need to collect, we will also collect information from you for the following purposes: to provide you with optimal cleaning function according to the model analysis, we will collect your device identifier, usage information of applications, service log information, the device's hardware information; in order to prevent incorrect file cleaning, we will collect the list of installed applications and basic information of the application; in order to issue junk rule data, we will collect system status information, network access method and types.

When you use the junk file cleaning service, we will require your permissions to access your phone storage card and your application usage information. If you refuse to provide such permission, you will not be able to use the junk file cleaning service, your normal use of other Phone Master services will not be affected.

(2) To Provide you with data usage management services

In order to provide you with data usage management service, in addition to the afore-mentioned device information we need to collect, we will also collect information about you for the following purposes: to manage your data usage, to analyze your current data usage, data usage calibration services, we will collect your application name, IMEI and basic system information. If you refuse to provide such information, you will not be able to use the data usage management service.

When you use data usage management service, we will require your permissions to access your phone (device information). If you refuse to provide such permission, you will not be able to use the data usage management service, your normal use of other Phone Master services will not be affected.

(3) To Provide you with virus checking and antivirus service

In order to provide you with the virus checking and antivirus service, in addition to the afore-mentioned device information we need to collect, we will also collect information about you for the following purposes: In order to classify the virus data of your device and optimize the virus checking function, we will collect hardware information of your device and basic system information. We will collect basic application information to compare the virus database of antivirus service providers with the white list in order to locate malicious applications. If you refuse to provide such information, you will not be able to use the virus checking and antivirus service.

(4) To Provide you with access to the Internet Speed Protector service

In order to provide you with the Internet Speed Protector function, in addition to the afore-mentioned device information we need to collect, we will also collect information about you for the following purposes: to enable us to locate the list of nearby wifi, we will collect information about your geographical location. If you refuse to provide such information, you will not be able to use the features of the internet speed protector service.

(5) To Provide you with harassment blocking service

In order to provide you with harassment blocking service, in addition to the afore-mentioned device information that we need to collect, we will also collect information about you for the following purposes: to analyze the content and block harassment, we will collect incoming call numbers, outgoing call numbers, SMS numbers, address book, device identifiers, and basic system information. If you refuse to provide such information, you will not be able to use the harassment blocking service.

When you use the harassment blocking service, we will require your permissions to access your address book and phone calls. If you refuse to provide such permission, you will not be able to use the harassment blocking service, your normal use of other Phone Master services will not be affected.

(6) To Provide you with privacy information and notification management services

In order to provide you with privacy information and notification management functions, in addition to the afore-mentioned device information that we need to collect, we may collect device identifiers, basic system information and other information. If you refuse to provide such information, you will not be able to use the notification management services.

When you use the privacy information and notification management services, we will require your permission to manage your notifications. If you refuse to provide such permission, you will not be able to use the privacy information and notification management services, your normal use of other Phone Master services will not be affected.

2.2. To provide you with advertising and marketing services

We may collect your device usage information、Device Identifier (IMEI/IMSI/SN/GAID), User Anonymous ID (VAID)、IP address、MAC Address, ad interaction information and show you relevant promotional contents (or more relevant personalized ad contents) to you during your use of Phone Master and its Service. We will strictly protect your privacy during this process. We will only disburse Personalized ads to you to the extent permitted by applicable law and with your consent.

We may combine the aforementioned information with other information (including information across different services or devices such as computers, mobile phones, and other connected devices) to provide and improve our products, services, content, and advertising. You have the right to opt-out from receiving personalized advertisements and to object to user profiling at any time, including identification analysis for direct marketing and automated decision-making purposes. In order to exercise these rights, you can turn it on or off through the "Setting - Google - Ads - Delete advertising ID" on your device, or contact us via privacy@transsion.com at any time. The way of permission management may vary for different versions. When you turn off personalized ads, you may still receive ads, but the ads will be less relevant to you.

2.3. To provide you with customer service and feedback services

If you encounter any problems while using this Application, you may contact us and seek assistance through our customer service. We may collect the content of your enquiry, your device information, contact details (email address, mobile phone number, call history and content or other contact information you leave with us) in order to contact you or help you resolve the problem, or to record the problem and its solution. If you choose not to provide such information, we may not be able to provide you with this service, but your use of other features of this Application will not be affected.

2.4. To improve our products or services

We may also collect other information about you that we reasonably need to improve our products or services, including any feedback you provide when you contact customer service and any questionnaire you send back to us when you participate in a survey. We may combine information from one service with information from others in order to provide you with better service.

2.5. To provide you with security services

To improve the security of your use of our services, to protect you, other users or public safety and property from harm, to better prevent security risks such as phishing sites, fraud, network vulnerabilities, computer viruses, network attacks, network intrusions, and to more accurately identify violations of laws and regulations or our relevant agreement rules, we may use or integrate information about your device, as well as information about the applications you have installed, the information about running processes, the overall operation of the application, the usage frequency of the application, crash data, overall installation and usage, performance data and information about the source of the application, to help you conduct security risk detection, prevent security risks, and take the necessary recording, auditing, analysis and disposal measures in accordance with the law.

3. Other situations in which your information may be collected

Where permitted by law, we may obtain your personal information from other individuals, business entities, public channels or other third parties acting at your direction, our partners who work with us to provide our products and services and assist us in information security and fraud prevention, and from other lawful sources. We will explain it to you at the time of such collection and obtain your consent.

We may also use other methods to collect other information about you, your device or your use of services, which will be explained to you at the time of collection and we will obtain your consent.

In order to better improve our product layout and provide you with great services, we may conduct research, statistical analysis and prediction on the collected information in an anonymized manner (including machine learning or model algorithm training by using anonymous data). We will take technical measures and other necessary measures to process such data, so that the data cannot be re-identified to specific individuals, nor can it be recovered. In accordance with the applicable laws and regulations, such processed data can be used without separately notifying you or obtaining your consent.

II. How We Use Cookies and Similar Technologies

1. What are Cookies and Similar Technologies

Cookies are small text files that are stored on your mobile device by us to ensure that this Application’s normal operation and your convenient access to it. Cookies usually contain identifiers, site names, and some numbers and characters. Our websites, online services, interactive applications, email and other information services may use Cookies and other similar technologies such as Pixel Tags and Web Beacons. We generally treat information collected by Cookies and similar technologies as non-personal information as they do not contain any of your personally identifiable information. However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal information by the laws of the countries concerned, we will also follow the laws of the countries concerned.

2. Why we use Cookies and Similar Technologies

We and our partners use Cookies or similar tracking technologies to better understand the use of mobile application on your device, to understand how often you use the app, events that occur within the app, cumulative usage, performance data, and where the app is downloaded from; we and our partners use Cookies or similar tracking technologies to analyze trends, administer the site, track user behavior on the site, and collect demographic information about our user base as a whole. For example: we may cooperate with third parties to display ads on our websites or to manage our ads on other websites. Our third-party partners may use Cookies or similar tracking technologies to show you ads based on your browsing history and interests.

We will not use cookies for any purpose other than those stated in this Policy. You can manage or delete Cookies according to your preferences. You can also clear all the cookies saved on your mobile device through the "Setting" option in this Application, or you can choose not to be tracked and opt out ads based on interests (if any) by deleting all Cookies or resetting the mobile end device (clearing the content and data).

III. How We Store and Protect Your Personal Information

1. How we store your personal information

The personal information collected with your consent will be stored in accordance with the laws and regulations on the personal privacy data protection of the countries concerned. To the extent not prohibited by local laws and regulations, we may also store the collected personal information in countries or regions outside the country where the business is located.

Currently, Phone Master may store your personal information in: India, Ireland.

In particular:

The personal information collected and generated during our operations in India will be stored on servers located in India.

The personal information collected and generated in our business outside India will be stored on servers in Ireland.

According to business conditions, we may use servers in other regions or countries in the future, and we will update this Policy at that time.

Whether we store personal information in the country where the business is located, or in other countries or regions to the extent that doing so does not violate laws and regulations, we will retain it in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations on data storage. At the same time, we will consider the characteristics, scope and purpose of personal information processing, the risks that may be encountered in the processing, and the serious consequences caused by the damage, etc., and implement the necessary security measures. For example, we will use encryption and de-identification methods to store the personal information collected. We will also keep the information for the shortest storage period specified by law. For those not specified by law, we will retain the information according to the shortest storage period required for business. For data that exceeds the storage period, or data that you request us to delete, we will delete said data accordingly or take other appropriate measures without violating the relevant laws and regulations.

2. How we protect your personal information

We will take other necessary measures to protect the security of your personal information and prevent data from being misused, unauthorized access, and unauthorized modification, disclosure or destruction, etc.

We implement security safeguards designed to protect your personal information and regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks, and we use administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect your personal information by taking the types of the personal information, the processing, and the threats posed themselves into account. We are constantly working to improve on these safeguards to keep your personal data secure.

Nevertheless, we need to remind you that no matter how perfect the measures are, there is no absolute guarantee of avoiding the occurrence of data storage security incidents. If a data breach event occurs, we will report it to the corresponding regulatory authorities as required by the relevant laws and regulations, and provide the type of personal data involved in the breach, the number of data subjects, the possible consequences of the breach, and the remedial measures we intend to take according to the requirements of the regulatory authorities. We will take the best possible measures to remedy or mitigate the damage and consequences of data breach. When permitted or required by laws and regulations, we will inform you of the possible consequences or significant damage to you in a timely manner, so that you can take appropriate measures promptly to protect your rights as much as possible.

There is no absolutely safe website, Internet transmission, computer system and wireless connections. In addition to the necessary protective measures we have taken, users have to strengthen the awareness of privacy security risks. For example, when you access third-party websites, links, products or services from our services, for the security of any data collected by those websites, links, products or services, please read through the terms and conditions of those third-parties carefully. We do not take any legal responsibility for data security issues caused by such third parties. If you find that certain contents, advertisements or features in our websites, products or services may be provided by a third party and may possibly endanger your privacy and security, please contact us promptly, as we will handle it with priority in accordance with laws and regulations.

IV. How We Share, Transfer and Disclose Your Personal Information and Data

When sharing, transferring, and disclosing your personal information, we uphold the principles and requirements of minimization, necessity, and legality. Under normal circumstances, we do not share, transfer or disclose your personal information externally. However, to the extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations, we may share, transfer and disclose your personal information in the following situations:

1. How we share your personal information

We do not sell any personal information to third parties. In order to provide you with timely services, your personal information may be shared with our affiliated companies. We will only share your information within our affiliated companies for legitimate and explicit purposes, and only share the information necessary to provide the services, and are bound by the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy. If a purpose concerned is not included in this Policy, we will state it in the corresponding privacy policy or notice of the specific product or service.

We may share the necessary personal information with authorized third-party partners (including technical service providers, data storage service providers, after-sales service providers, marketing promotion service providers, third-party SDK service providers, etc.) for the performance of certain features or to provide you with better service and a better user experience.we may embed third party SDK or other similar applications of authorized partners in this Application.

Specifically:

No.

Third-party SDK sources

Purpose of collecting personal information

Types of personal information collected

Privacy Policy Link

1

ADMOB SDK

Advertising Push

Device information, Ads interactive information

https://apps.admob.com/v2/privacymessaging

2

Trustlook sdk

Security Environment Analysis

Android system version; Device model, Version of android system, version of software and network operator；Phone master package name; Phone master version number; Phone master version name; Language; Gaid, country code.

user’s installed application；

user behaviour data.

https://www.trustlook.com/privacy.html

3

Facebook Audience Network & Facebook Analytics

User behavior analysis

Android system version; Device model, Version of android system, version of software and network operator；Phone master package name; Phone master version number; Phone master version name; Language; Gaid, country code.

user’s installed application；

user behaviour data.

https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy

4

Twibida SDK

Push

gaid; model type; language; App version; Android version

https://www.twibida.com/privacy

We uphold the principles of minimization, necessity, and legality to carry out such sharing. Before sharing information, we will sign strict confidentiality agreements with authorized partners and require them to take relevant confidentiality and security measures to process personal information in accordance with this Policy and applicable laws in your jurisdiction. In addition, we will also require them to provide data security capabilities and information security qualifications (e.g., grade protection assessment, information security management system). When we embed the third party SDK or other similar applications of authorized partners in this Application, we will notify you promptly and request the SDK service provider that obtains the information to protect your data security.

In order to provide evaluation, analysis or other business services, we may also share your non-personal information with third parties. For example, we may use aggregated data to help partners (e.g., advertising service providers) understand the effectiveness, feedback and usage trends of their services.

In the event of a merger, acquisition or bankruptcy liquidation, asset transfer and other related transaction, if a personal information transfer is involved, we will require the new entity or organization holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this Policy through an agreement or other appropriate measures, and we will require such subject to take confidentiality and security measures of a degree no less than the requirements of this Policy to process personal information.

2. How we transfer your personal information

Phone Master will not transfer your information to any other parties, except in the following circumstances:

(1) Obtain your explicit consent.

(2) If Phone Master is involved in a merger, acquisition or sale of all or part of its assets, which may affect your personal information, we will issue a prominent notice via email and/or on our website or other appropriate methods to inform you of any changes in the ownership and your rights of your personal information, and any choices you may have about your personal information.

(3) In the case that has been explained in this privacy policy or notified you by other means.

3. How we disclose your personal information

According to the legal requirements, legal procedures, litigation and/or requests from government departments and authorities, Phone Master may need to disclose your personal information. If the disclosure is necessary or appropriate for national security, law enforcement, or other matters of public importance, we may also disclose information about you.

Additionally, we may share your personal information with:

(1) Our attorneys, lawyers, accountants, auditors, or similar consultants, when we request them to provide professional advice.

(2) Investors and other relevant third parties, if actual or potential sales or other company transactions occur and are related to entities within our group.

(3) Other third parties, for example, the disclosure of specific information with your authorization.

V. How Your Personal Information is Transferred Across Borders

For the purposes described in this Policy, and to the extent permitted by applicable local laws and regulations and with your authorized consent, we may transfer your personal information to the resources or servers stipulated in section III of this Policy for storage or processing, we may also transfer your personal information to third-party service providers and business partners and your data may therefore also be transmitted to other countries or regions. The privacy protection laws of these countries or regions may be different, and the jurisdiction in which these global resources or servers are located may or may not protect personal information to the same standards as in your jurisdiction. However, we will still strive to comply with our Privacy Policy to protect your personal information, and we will follow the legal requirements of the country or region where the personal information is located to carry out the corresponding cross-border transfer and other processing of personal information.

In the circumstance that we transfer personal information outside of your jurisdiction, whether it transferred to our affiliates or third-party service providers, we will comply with relevant applicable laws. We will take appropriate security measures and safeguards to make sure that all such transfers meet the requirements of applicable local data protection laws.

VI. Your Rights to Your Personal Information

As a data subject, you have a series of rights to your personal information, including the right to confirm, access, correct, delete, withdraw consent, and lodge complaints (hereinafter referred to as "request"). We fully understand and respect your rights, and such rights will be subject to specific exclusions and exceptions under applicable laws. We will also take active steps to ensure that your rights are effectively protected. However, please understand and note that for security reasons, we may need to verify your identity before processing your request. In principle, we do not charge a fee for your lawful and reasonable request, but we will charge a certain reasonable fee for repeated requests that exceed the reasonable limit where applicable, and based on actual administrative costs permitted by the applicable laws. We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require excessive technical means (for example, to develop new systems or fundamentally change existing practices), pose risks to the legal rights of others or are extremely impractical, or violate the mandatory provisions by law.

6.1 Right to confirm and access: We inform you how we collect and process personal information through this Policy or in the form of a privacy policy or notice of the specific product or service. You have the right to confirm or reject such collection and processing via a check box or other methods. However, after you reject, some features that require your explicit authorization and consent to use may no longer be available. You can directly access the personal information you have provided to us in the interface of our products or services. For those that you are unable to access, you can send an email to privacy@transsion.com. We will handle it promptly after receiving your email.

6.2 Right to correct and delete: When your personal information is changed, or when you find that your personal information collected and processed by us is inaccurate or incomplete, you have the right to ask us to make corrections or additions. You can directly correct or modify some of your personal information on the relevant product/service function pages. When your personal information collected by us has fulfilled the purpose of collection or is no longer required, or when you find that our collection and processing of your personal information violates the provisions of laws and regulations or this Privacy Policy, you have the right to ask us to delete the relevant personal information. For personal information that we have not provided you with a channel for correction or deletion, you can request that it be corrected or deleted by contacting privacy@transsion.com.

However, we may not grant your deleting request in some situations, for example, if you ask us to delete your transaction data when we are legally obligated to keep a record of that transaction to comply with the applicable local law. Please also kindly note that if you request to delete your information from our products and services, we may not remove the corresponding information from the backup system immediately due to some applicable local laws and technological limitations, however, we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until the backup is updating or can be deleted or be made anonymous.

6.3 Right to withdraw consent: To achieve the respective features of our various products or services, we will require necessary personal information in accordance with the applicable local laws. This is described in the "How We Collect and Use Your Personal Information" part of this Policy. You can withdraw your consent previously granted to us for a specific purpose by deleting information, turning off device features, and requesting to withdraw consent, including the collection, use and/or disclosure of your personal information that we manage or control. You can email us at privacy@transsion.com for above operations. We will process your request within a reasonable time after you send the request, and thereafter will not collect, use and/or disclose your personal information in accordance with your request.

If you withdraw your consent, you may not be able to continue receiving the part and/or full benefit of Phone Master and its Service. The withdrawal of your consent or authorization will not affect the validity of our previous processing activities based on your consent.

6.4 Right to complain: You have the right to lodge a complaint by sending us an email at privacy@transsion.com. We will respond promptly after receiving your complaint. If you are unsatisfied with our response, especially if our processing of personal information violates your legitimate rights and interests, you may refer your complaint or report to your local statutory personal data protection department, or file a lawsuit with a competent court.

6.5Right to control your privacy settings

You have the right to control your privacy settings and restrict our collection, use, disclosure, or processing of your personal information via such privacy settings. For example, you can choose to turn off the permissions of "Automatic Updates" to stop the junk files data collection and procession of the cleaning features; You can also turn off "WLAN security detection" via "Settings" > " WLAN Settings" to stop the collection and processing of WLAN security detections data. You can further choose to turn off "Intercept Harassing Calls " via "Harassment interception" > "Intercepting rules" to stop the data collection and processing of the harassment interception features.

6.6 Rights in some jurisdictions

Particularly, according to the applicable laws of some jurisdictions, you may have the following data subjects rights:

(1) Right to restriction processing. You have the right to request our restriction on the processing of your personal information. We shall consider the grounds regarding your restriction request. If the grounds are in the compliance with applicable data protection laws, we will process your personal information under applicable circumstances in such laws and notify you before the restriction of processing is lifted.

(2) Right to automated decision-making. You have the right to refuse the processing based on automated decision-making, including profiling and other automated processing which may have legal or similar effects on you.

(3) Right to data portability. You have the right to apply for your personal information to be transmitted to another data controller in a structured and commonly used format.

We have the right to refuse to process your requests or only respond to some of your requests where an exemption applies or when we are otherwise entitled to do so under applicable laws, for example, some requests are manifestly unfounded or obviously excessive or it requires the disclosure of information of third parties.

VII. How We Handle the Personal Information of Children

Phone Master understands the importance of safeguarding the personal data of children, therefore, children under the age of 14 or the equivalent age as specified by law in your jurisdiction (we will define children mainly based on the laws and regulations of the country or region where our business is located because laws of different countries may differ when defining the age of children) are not allowed to use our products or services without the consent and guidance of their legal guardians and such practice shall be permitted by relevant laws and regulations. In principle, we do not provide services directly to children, do not actively collect children’s personal data or do not use children’s personal information for the purposes of marketing. We will only collect, use and disclose a child's personal information with the explicit permission and consent of the child's guardian, to the extent permitted by law, and when it is indeed necessary to collect such information. If at any time the guardian needs to access, modify or delete the personal information related to the child under guardianship, please contact us by methods as described herein, and we will respond in a timely manner. If you find that a child’s information has been collected to us without the awareness of the legal guardian, please send an email to privacy@transsion.com to contact us. We will remove the relevant information as soon as possible. If we find that we have collected the personal information of a child without the prior consent of a verifiable guardian, we will also remove the relevant content as soon as possible.

VIII. Third-Party Service Providers and Services

With the upgrades of this Application, you may receive links to third-party websites or content and services provided by third parties other than us during your use of Phone Master and its Service, and some third parties’ products or services can be accessed in the form of SDKs and others. You can choose whether to visit or accept the third-party websites, products, and services at your sole discretion. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to products and services provided by any third party. Since we are not able to substantially control a third party, we are not responsible for the third party’s collection and processing of your personal information. Therefore, when you submit any information to a third party, please carefully review the third party’s privacy policy and take care of your personal information.

IX. Supplement and Update of the Policy

We reserve the right to update or modify this Policy from time to time in order to reflect the changes in our business, technology and applicable law and practice. In case of any modification of this Policy, we will notify you of the latest Policy here (this webpage), or by posting it on our official website or sending you separate notifications. Please pay attention to this website and the notifications we send to you for the latest updates of this Privacy Policy. Although this Privacy Policy may be modified, your rights under this Policy will not be diminished without your explicit consent.

we will ask for your explicit consent again in accordance with applicable laws before we collect additional personal information from you or when we use or disclose your personal information for new purposes. Your continued use of the products and services on the website, mobile and/or any other device constitutes your agreement to the updated Privacy Policy.

The content of Phone Master and its services described herein may vary according to the type of product you use, your system version, or requirements of local laws and regulations.

X. Joint Controller

Shanghai Transsion Co., Ltd. is a joint controller with us and we are jointly responsible for processing your personal information. SHANGHAI XIAOCHUAN TECHNOLOGY LIMITED and Shanghai Transsion Co., Ltd. have allocated respective responsibilities according to applicable laws. You can contact us for more details regarding the joint controllership by the contact information in section XI. "How to Contact Us".

XI. How to Contact Us

If you have any comments, questions or concerns with respect to our Privacy Policy or practices of personal information protection, please contact us via:

Email: privacy@transsion.com (Note: This mailbox is used for receiving messages related to our Privacy Policy or our protection of personal information only)

We will review your privacy or personal information requests as soon as possible and respond to you in 15-30 days after verifying your user identity. If your request itself involves any complicated or significant issue, we may ask you for more information.

If you are not satisfied with our response, especially when you believe that your legitimate rights and interests have been violated by us, you can seek remedy from relevant data protection regulatory authority in your jurisdiction. If you consult us, we will provide information on the relevant complaint channels that may be applicable based on your circumstance.

Thank you for your time to read our Privacy Policy!